_cca/Clubs and Societies/Environmental Science Club.md, before:

---
title: Environmental Science Club
permalink: /our-curriculum/cca/clubs-and-societies/environmental-science-club/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Clubs and Societies
---
#### Environmental Science Club

Established in 2002 with 15 students, the Environmental Science Club has played a key role in shaping environmental education in the school. The key programmes and projects of the club focus on various environmental themes such as climate action, water and energy conservation, nature and biodiversity appreciation, as well as green buildings and features. These are some of the ways through which the club creates greater awareness on environmental issues and events in the students and community.

In addition, the club has supportive and strong green partners who have provided its members and other Woodgrovers various learning opportunities. This includes the Ministry of the Environment & Water Resources (MEWR), National Environment Agency (NEA), PUB (The National Water Agency), National Parks Board (NParks), Singapore Environment Council (SEC), Waterways Watch Society (WWS), SembWaste, Building and Construction Authority (BCA), Public Hygiene Council and North West CDC.

**Training Days**

Monday : 3.30pm to 5.30pm

Thursday: 3.30-5.30pm

\*Additional sessions will be organised for selected students for the preparation of various events. Sessions are subject to change in 2023.

**Achievements and Highlights 2022**

Farmer’s Market @ Sembawang GRC

Community in Nature Award Schools Category (Merit)

Design a Green T contest by Daikin and Mediacorp

Green Challenge by Woodlands Police Division

Green Read 2022 Challenge by Bowen Secondary School

![](/images/CCAs/Environment%20Science%20Club/Capture.png)
We are proud to be part of community outreach efforts to conserve the environment.

![](/images/CCAs/Environment%20Science%20Club/WGS_092%20(1).jpg)
We explore sustainable farming and how it could be the future for our food security.

Commit message:

{"message":"Update file: Environmental Science Club.md","fileName":"Environmental Science Club.md","userId":"894"}

_cca/Clubs and Societies/Environmental Science Club.md, after:

---
title: Environmental Science Club
permalink: /our-curriculum/cca/clubs-and-societies/environmental-science-club/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Clubs and Societies
---
#### Environmental Science Club

Established in 2002 with 15 students, the Environmental Science Club has played a key role in shaping environmental education in the school. The key programmes and projects of the club focus on various environmental themes such as climate action, water and energy conservation, nature and biodiversity appreciation, as well as green buildings and features. These are some of the ways through which the club creates greater awareness on environmental issues and events in the students and community.

In addition, the club has supportive and strong green partners who have provided its members and other Woodgrovers various learning opportunities. This includes the Ministry of the Environment & Water Resources (MEWR), National Environment Agency (NEA), PUB (The National Water Agency), National Parks Board (NParks), Singapore Environment Council (SEC), Waterways Watch Society (WWS), SembWaste, Building and Construction Authority (BCA), Public Hygiene Council and North West CDC.

**Training Days for 2023**

Monday : 3.30pm to 5.30pm

Thursday: 3.30-5.30pm

\*Additional sessions will be organised for selected students for the preparation of various events. Sessions are subject to change in 2023.
**

#### Achievements and Highlights 2023

Learning journey to the Green Lab
    
 Sembwave Marine Greenwave Competition 
    
Collaborative sharing between Woodlands NPC and Environmental Science Club 
    
Urban farming 
    
National Youth Upcycling Movement
    

#### Achievements and Highlights 2022

Farmer’s Market @ Sembawang GRC

Community in Nature Award Schools Category (Merit)

Design a Green T contest by Daikin and Mediacorp

Green Challenge by Woodlands Police Division

Green Read 2022 Challenge by Bowen Secondary School

![](/images/CCAs/Environment%20Science%20Club/Capture.png)
We are proud to be part of community outreach efforts to conserve the environment.

![](/images/CCAs/Environment%20Science%20Club/WGS_092%20(1).jpg)
We explore sustainable farming and how it could be the future for our food security.
